Why hello. What is your name?
[CHOICE 1] %PLAYER%, what's yours?
[CHOICE 2] Remain silent.

[RESPONSE 1] Timothy: Nice to meet you. I am Father Timothy. Have you been enjoying your stay?

[RESPONSE 2] Timothy: Not much of a talker? I am Father Timothy.

Keith: Why are you talking to him? Who are these people?!?! My friend is dead and you have the —

Timothy: I see you've been to my chapel. I do apologize you had to see that unfortunate soul. Taken too soon but she lacked trust. 

Rebecca: Trust in what...

Timothy: I thought you of all people would understand. 

Rebecca: Do you even know me?

Timothy: Not in body, but in soul, yes. I do know you.

Andrea: Guys, we need to leave.

Timothy: And go where? I mean the roof is just behind me, but in truth there's no easy way to leave this place.

Andrea: What are you talking about?

Timothy: Seems that the answers are staring you in the face.

All: ...

Timothy: There's a reason people don't visit here. Even the construction crew anymore. 

Keith: This place is set to be knocked down soon. Whatever the fuck is happening here is gonna be gone.

Timothy: That's where we differ?

Keith: Really? Only there?

Timothy: These grounds are sacred. I think you all should understand that well by now. For years, travelers stop by for a taste of what life was like here. This place is a magnet for those who seek it.

Keith: You calling us crazy?! Look at you!

Timothy: None of that. Now, I understand you all do want to leave, and I see grace in your hearts, but grace is not enough these days. The construction ploy was a way for the state to keep people away, and the demolition was supposed to keep people away for good. 

Keith: You're saying, this place is still running?...

Timothy: Yes! And quite smoothly as well. Like I said, we always get new patients coming through so we always have business! I will let you leave.

Andrea: Thank God!

Timothy: Don't thank Him yet. Like I said, this place is nothing without the occupants. Take a look around at the Ascended. 

[OBJECT 1]

Timothy: You could be one! But if you wish to leave, I cannot have you leave without an act of devotion. 

Andrea: Like what...

Timothy: A sacrifice of one of you. You may pick.

Rebecca: No way I'm agreeing to that shit! Oh God we all are going to die here.

Timothy: Don't think about it as dying but more so coming with us.

Keith: What the fuck are we going to do?

Rebecca: How do we even pick?

Andrea: Are you seriously thinking about this?! 

Rebecca: What other choice do we have? He threw Keith to the ground without moving, who knows what he could do to us?

Timothy: You will choose.

[OBJECT 2]

Timothy: You may think it over, but you may not leave without making a decision. You may even choose yourself if you see fit.

[SCRIPT 5]