OLD HAVEN ASYLUM TO CLOSE: STRUCTURE DEEMED UNSAFE

After over 150 years of solitary service, the Haven Asylum is next on the chopping block in Harrisburg's sweeping renovation plans.

Haven Asylum has existed on the fringes of Harrisburg for as long as most can remember, a massive structure stuck in time. But just last week, after nearly 50 years of disuse, Harrisburg city officials have made the decision to have the structure demolished. 

"It's an eyesore and a magnet for deviants" said city Commissioner Dylan Morrissey in a press release on Sunday regarding the plans to have the building razed for fear of anyone getting gravely injured.

This statement was no doubt prompted by the spike in trespassing and breaking-and-entering charges reported by the Harrisburg Police Department since the asylum was decommissioned in the early 1980s.

Built in the early 1830s, in its earliest days Haven Asylum was nothing more than three rooms and a courtyard, dedicated to the care and well-being of those deemed unfit to remain in their homes. The term "asylum" was used in the title to represent what officials at the time called "a home away from home" for those who could no longer care for themselves. 

As the decades passed, the asylum was subject to sweeping expansions as it began to intake patients from across the tri-state area, eventually reaching the over 570 rooms and three large buildings seen today.

In 1982, amidst accusations of suspicious activity and illegal and dangerous experimentation being carried out by asylum staff and benefactors, the asylum was forced to close its doors, plunging Harrisburg into a major economic downturn as the hospital was a source of income for over 75% of the town's population.

In the years since its decommission, the Haven Asylum has sat undisturbed atop what locals have deemed "Pauper's Hill", a weathered and depressing facade growing ever-masked by overgrowth and vines.

A recent survey of the property in May of this year led city officials to determine that the structure was  "completely and totally unsafe to even set foot on", according to Chief Engineer John Henges of the city's Construction Management Commission.

Henges reported that  "the structure is so unsafe that every step could send you plummeting through the floor below you," prompting the city to have the structure torn down.

The Haven Asylum is one of the final remaining memories of Harrisburg's past. Every other building in town has undergone massive ongoing renovations since 2005 to bring Harrisburg into the modern century, but Haven Asylum and Dora's Diner remain the only two structures in town that have yet to be touched by these sweeping updates.

This has prompted many to wonder, will Harrisburg  truly be better off without such a historic location? Or is it as unsafe as the City Commission has deemed it to be?